hello, guys, youtube are here
again today to present to
you
the cabinet will force 760 square meters
people are going to show you in detail
everything that the mother office staff
so the 760 tries to hack my ticket
giant that is the Brazilian soccer is
OK
However spectacular we have to
show you here in front of
The cabinet has a grid that is sure
only two clicks are detachable here
in this retreat the grille touches and has the
access to the two 14cm fans of the
OK
and here too you have to
possibility of pro support was 12
centimeters also to reposition
easy but the process is reversed
here we have the three bays for cd room tá
on top of the 760 we have the tickets
being that two are 2.0 and two 3.0
power reset fan
to the headphone jack and the
for microphone 760 we have a detail well
cool this area pulls lever pa
She already opens the door to her office.
it is all made in acrylic so that
you can come to create within the
inside your cabinet your radar and
we have this generous internal space here
that is of the 760 etá in the space thus
absolutely great
settings here are extremely gross
OK
we have here two supports for the hds
being that each bay is three
the scale of the cuts and behind we can see
a support for the ssds we have here
also all the most found there are
very simple is removed the very easy
it comes with an accessory box at
with all the screws of the southern will
also accompanies two 14-year-old fans
front is a fan of 14 behind so
very generous quality of
impeccable finish for anyone who wants
really set up a configuration well
big f well paid support
quietly is also what we can
our you here behind the 760 well
cool
he has the highest time here for
that you can put the radiator up
to make a guy behave too
I have all the ranks of the expression ps
the motherboard mirror holder
support for fonts né
and here are the inputs that can be
open here for you to pass the
Acura hoses here on the other side
also the opening of the rear
of 760 t / ha the same format as the front has
a generous space here for organization
of the cars are very large anyway
flawless finish whom
Cables here everything past went well
cool here for the ssds long ago
simple very practical
are four to the total very well done and
we also have the detail up here
would this be a board that is removable
Mobile is magnetism so three fans
of 120mm or 12cm
so the quality is made for
who wants a high performance team
a high-performance computer already
Automatic as very good
quality yes no comments
It's for those who want it that way with lots of space.
quality finish
then it is an excellent choice what the
folks
I hope you have enjoyed it if you like it or
share plays on your social networks
and until the next video